.TH RNX2RTKP 1 "July 29 2016"
.SH NAME
rnx2rtkp \- read message log files and computer receiver positions
.SH SYNOPSIS
rnx2rtkp [option ...] file file [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read RINEX OBS/NAV/GNAV/HNAV/CLK, SP3, SBAS message log files and compute receiver (rover)
positions and output position solutions.
The first RINEX OBS file shall contain receiver (rover) observations. For the relative mode, the second
RINEX OBS file shall contain reference (base station) receiver observations. At least one RINEX
NAV/GNAV/HNAV file shall be included in input files. To use SP3 precise ephemeris, specify the path in
the files. The extension of the SP3 file shall be .sp3 or .eph. All of the input file paths can include
wild-cards (*). To avoid command line deployment of wild-cards, use "..." for paths with wild-cards.
Command line options are as follows ([]:default). With -k option, the processing options are input from the
configuration file. In this case, command line options precede options in the configuration file.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-?"
print help
.IP "-k file"
input options from configuration file [off]
.IP "-o file"
set output file [stdout]
.IP "-ts ds ts"
start day/time (ds=y/m/d ts=h:m:s) [obs start time]
.IP "-te de te"
end day/time (de=y/m/d te=h:m:s) [obs end time]
.IP "-ti tint"
time interval (sec) [all]
.IP "-p mode"
mode (0:single,1:dgps,2:kinematic,3:static,4:moving-base,5:fixed,6:ppp-kinematic,7:ppp-static) [2]
.IP "-m mask"
elevation mask angle (deg) [15]
.IP "-f freq"
number of frequencies for relative mode (1:L1,2:L1+L2,3:L1+L2+L5) [2]
.IP "-v thres"
validation threshold for integer ambiguity (0.0:no AR) [3.0]
.IP "-b"
backward solutions [off]
.IP "-c"
forward/backward combined solutions [off]
.IP "-i"
instantaneous integer ambiguity resolution [off]
.IP "-h"
fix and hold for integer ambiguity resolution [off]
.IP "-e"
output x/y/z-ecef position [latitude/longitude/height]
.IP "-a"
output e/n/u-baseline [latitude/longitude/height] 
.IP "-n"
output NMEA-0183 GGA sentence [off]
.IP "-g"
output latitude/longitude in the form of ddd mm ss.ss [ddd.ddd]
.IP "-t"
output time in the form of yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss.ss [sssss.ss]
.IP "-u"
output time in utc [gpst]
.IP "-d col"
number of decimals in time [3]
.IP "-s sep"
field separator [' ']
.IP "-r x y z"
reference (base) receiver ecef pos (m) [average of single pos]
.IP "-l lat lon hgt"
reference (base) receiver latitude/longitude/height (deg/m)
.IP "-y level"
output solution status (0:off,1:states,2:residuals) [0]
.IP "-x level"
debug trace level (0:off) [0]
.SH EXAMPLES
Example 1. Kinematic Positioning, L1+L2, output Latitude/Longitude/Height to STDOUT.
.PP
.B rnx2rtkp 07590920.05o 30400920.05o 30400920.05n
.PP
Example 2. Single Point Positioning, El Mask=15deg, output NMEA GGA to file out.pos
.PP
.B rnx2rtkp -p 0 -m 15 -n -o out.pos 07590920.05o 30400920.05n
.PP
Example 3. Static Positioning, L1, time form yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss, output X/Y/Z-ECEF positions
.PP
.B rnx2rtkp -p 3 -f 1 -t -e 07590920.05o 30400920.05o 30400920.05n
.PP
Example 4. Kinematic Positioning, Instantaneous AR, validation threshold=2, comma separator
.PP
.B rnx2rtkp -i -v 2 -s , 07590920.05o 30400920.05o 30400920.05n 
