.TH STR2STR 1 "July 29 2016"
.SH NAME
str2str \- console version of stream server
.SH SYNOPSIS
str2str [-in stream] [-out stream [-out stream...]] [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Input data from a stream and divide and output them to multiple streams
The input stream can be serial, tcp client, tcp server, ntrip client, or
file. The output stream can be serial, tcp client, tcp server, ntrip server,
or file. str2str is a resident type application. To stop it, type ctr-c in
console if run foreground or send signal SIGINT for background process.
if run foreground or send signal SIGINT for background process.
if both of the input stream and the output stream follow #format, the
format of input messages are converted to output. To specify the output
messages, use -msg option. If the option -in or -out omitted, stdin for
input or stdout for output is used.
Command options are as follows.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-in  stream[#format] input  stream path and format"
.IP "-out stream[#format] output stream path and format"
stream path
 serial       : serial://port[:brate[:bsize[:parity[:stopb[:fctr]]]]]
 tcp server   : tcpsvr://:port
 tcp client   : tcpcli://addr[:port]
 ntrip client : ntrip://[user[:passwd]@]addr[:port][/mntpnt]
 ntrip server : ntrips://[:passwd@]addr[:port][/mntpnt[:str]] (only out)
 file         : [file://]path[::T][::+start][::xseppd][::S=swap]

format
 rtcm2        : RTCM 2 (only in)
 rtcm3        : RTCM 3
 nov          : NovAtel OEMV/4/6,OEMStar (only in)
 oem3         : NovAtel OEM3 (only in)
 ubx          : ublox LEA-4T/5T/6T (only in)
 ss2          : NovAtel Superstar II (only in)
 hemis        : Hemisphere Eclipse/Crescent (only in)
 stq          : SkyTraq S1315F (only in)
 gw10         : Furuno GW10 (only in)
 javad        : Javad (only in)
 nvs          : NVS BINR (only in)
 binex        : BINEX (only in)
 rt17         : Trimble RT17 (only in)
 sbf          : Septentrio SBF (only in)

.IP "-msg type[(tint)][,type[(tint)]...]"
 rtcm message types and output intervals (s)
.IP "-sta sta"
station id
.IP "-opt opt"
receiver dependent options
.IP "-s  msec"
timeout time (ms) [10000]
.IP "-r  msec"
reconnect interval (ms) [10000]
.IP "-n  msec"
nmea request cycle (m) [0]
.IP "-f  sec"
file swap margin (s) [30]
.IP "-c  file"
receiver commands file [no]
.IP "-p  lat lon hgt"
station position (latitude/longitude/height) (deg,m)
.IP "-px x y z"
station position (x/y/z-ecef) (m)
.IP "-a  antinfo"
antenna info (separated by ,)
.IP "-i  rcvinfo"
receiver info (separated by ,)
.IP "-o  e n u"
antenna offset (e,n,u) (m)
.IP "-l  local_dir"
ftp/http local directory []
.IP "-x  proxy_addr"
http/ntrip proxy address [no]
.IP "-t  level"
trace level [0]
.IP "-h"
print help
